WCRP Update 5.1 (#393)
thewca/wca-documents: documents/policies/external/Competition Requirements.md

   2. The WCA Delegate for a competition is responsible for:
      1. Submitting the Delegate Report to the WCA Regulations Committee and the WCA Quality Assurance Committee regarding adherence to WCA Regulations and quality standards during the competition, the overall course of the competition, and any incidents that happened. The report must be submitted within one week of the end of the competition.
      2. Submitting the competition results to the WCA Results Team within one week of the end of the competition.
         1. Results should be double-checked and free of errors before submission.
         2. All scramble sequences used during a competition must be sent with the results of the competition.
            1. All scramble sequences must be labeled with the events, rounds, and groups for which they were used. If there are multiple groups in a round, it is not necessary to identify which competitor was in which group.
         3. Record keeping

>             1. Physical records (e.g. score sheets, written solutions from 3x3x3 Fewest Moves) or scanned copies of them must be retained for a minimum of 90 days.

Reviewer: The wording is a bit off on this one.  What else are we requiring to be kept - is it just scorecard and FMC sheets?  If so can we be specific and lose the e.g. - as this indicates there are other physical records that must be kept.  If so suggest: Score sheets and written solutions from FMC must be retained for a minimum of 90 days (scanned copies are acceptable)

Author: I don't believe there are any other kinds of physical records. I'll update this to be more specific

   2. The WCA Delegate for a competition is responsible for:
      1. Submitting the Delegate Report to the WCA Regulations Committee and the WCA Quality Assurance Committee regarding adherence to WCA Regulations and quality standards during the competition, the overall course of the competition, and any incidents that happened. The report must be submitted within one week of the end of the competition.
      2. Submitting the competition results to the WCA Results Team within one week of the end of the competition.
         1. Results must be double-checked before submission to minimize errors.

>             1. Exception: Results that have not been double-checked (e.g. instances in which scorecards have been lost) may be submitted at WCA Results Team discretion.

Reviewer 2: Results can always be submitted; they may not be accepted at the discretion of WRT. Also re-word for consistency across docs:

```suggestion
            1. Exception: Results that have not been double-checked (e.g. instances in which scorecards have been lost) may be accepted at the discretion of the WCA Results Team.
```

>             1. Exception: Results that have not been double-checked (e.g. instances in which scorecards have been lost) may be accepted at the discretion of the WCA Results Team.

Reviewer: Nitpick - looks like there is a double space between Results and Team
